Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
For Subtitling Services, contatct:
waqas.zahoor89@gmail.com
(PHONE BEEPS)
For Subtitling Services, contatct:
waqas.zahoor89@gmail.com
Shame on you.
For Subtitling Services, contatct:
waqas.zahoor89@gmail.com
Jack and Laura have been dumped
and he didn't sack her off the
moment he walked out the door,
so in your face, 68.6% of people!
I expect a letter of apology
from each and every one of you.
Guys, we have some
moody music playing,
so if you can sit down
and be reflective for me
that would be just ah-maz-ing.
That was...  Eventful.
Yeah, that was intense.
I just feel, like, privileged to
have been here from the beginning
and now being here with you,
like, this is what I wanted.
You just have to embrace
every day here
and moments like that
make you realise
that I am enjoying this
experience with you
and I am so excited
to move forward with it.
Aww!
I can't actually stress how happy...
beyond how happy I am just
to be with you. I literally am.
I can say I am fully in love.
I am in love.
It's just got to the point where
I am just head over heels.
I have lost my head,
my head has gone.
My head is in a field
with the goats over there.
It is just gone.
I didn't realise you could feel
this way about a girl. Seriously.
I do love you more
and more every day.
I can't say how amazing it is to
feel that people still back you
even though they know
you have made mistakes.
No-one is perfect but they still
back you for it,
and it is just amazing.
The thing is, we have been
honest with ourselves,
honest with each other,
and that is all we can do.
Just keep having fun,
see where it goes.
I am so grateful.
It has been a good journey.
OK, that is quite enough reflecting,
everybody.
Let's call it a night.
They are white, aren't they?
Is that all right?
Are you OK?
Yeah, I'm good. Just
today, you are like...
shit, you are gonna go home,
it will be the end,
but I looked at you and it was,
you know what?
Whatever happens,
I am happy stood next to you.
I am happy too.
Oh, I like them!
What are they?!
You are sitting there laughing
at my pants. That is embarrassing.
I like kissing you.
Do you know what?
I have actually had a really
lovely night in here.
I've had a lovely night.
No, honestly.
I don't know what we are doing,
I've got to be honest.
I can't believe it.
I thought I drove people mad.
We are still here.
We've done it together.
I love you.
I love you. You're my fave.
It's 4am, I'm still up.
Fortnite Season 5 marathon,
three Victory Royales so far.
I am absolutely smashing it
and now I have plans
for one lucky couple.
(PHONE BEEPS)
Oi, Jack!
This is where you pick up
the phone and shout,
"I've got a text, everyone!"
(PHONE BEEPS)
Have fun, guys.
Jack has shaken me this morning.
I thought, ooh,
what are we waking up for?
We are going on our final date.
It's not so bad, is it?
I've never been woken up
for such a lovely surprise.
Usually I don't like being woken up.
That's not funny. Jack!
We are gonna fall out.
Don't you dare!
I've got five minutes!
Let go, then.
Let go, I will do 'em up.
Final date.
And it's gonna be up high.
So hopefully end it on a high.
That makes sense, doesn't it?
I'm excited, though.
You know that feeling you get
when you're going on holiday.
Always your Nan,
always around you.
They are like, "Come on!"
A Nan holiday, innit?
Yeah, you are tired but you're
still excited about it.
Know what I mean?
Up, up and away and rise to the
occasion.
I mean... I hope I'm not
trusted to fly a plane.
You look nice, babe.
Thanks, you look lovely as well.
Go on.  Thank you.
We are going to have a lovely
time together
and I'm just happy it's me and him,
so bring it on.
Oh, babe, I'm excited.
I don't know what it is, though.
I know, this is fucking mad, innit?
Oh, look, what is that down there?
Is that a dog or a fox?
It's morning and Wes
just realised Jack and Dani
had some incredible text
in bed last night
and he was the only one
that heard it.
Jack and Dani have gone for a date.
Why do you think that?
He said... because it said...
What said what?
The text... the text was literally...
What text?
Jack and Dani have gone for a date.
When did we get a text?
They got a text in the middle
of the night.
You guys obviously didn't wake up.
How do you know they got a text?
Because I heard it.
They have definitely gone
for a hot air balloon ride.
I didn't even hear anything.
What are you talking about?
Love is in the air.
It's before sunrise and something
about rising,
it's got to be watching the sunrise
from a hot air balloon this morning.
Got to be.
Wes, I am insulted you think
our dates team
would come up with clues that
pathetically lame and obvious.
Hot air balloon?
YOU'RE a hot air balloon!
Right, let's see where Jack and Dani
are REALLY going.
Gah! I look like
a fool on the telly!
Oh, my days!
It's a balloon!
That is so sick.
Oh, it's actually intimidating now.
Oh, my God!
Oh, wow.
Can we climb over?
Oh, I can't climb.
Are we climbing?
Do you want me to lift you up?
Yeah, I can't...!
Hold on.
Revealing yourself to the pilot!
Sorry about this, mate.
Argh!
Oh, my God.
Arriba! Arriba!
Adios, adios!
Oh, my God, look, we are getting
higher and higher now.
Shall we take a selfie?
I have got my phone here.
Coming up...
I have got something
I want to ask you.
Jack has got plans.
I've been thinking about it.
Will you...?
Jack and Dani are on their date.
What with the balloon pilot and
camera guy, there's no room in the
basket, so they've dangled Andy the
intern over the side on a rope.
Hold tight, Andy!
Oh, my God!
I have never seen a sunrise. It is
really beautiful.
It is really romantic.
I usually just get taken to dinner,
babe.
I can't believe we've been together
from day one.
From the moment I walked in,
it was you the whole way through.
I don't how we've done that.
I know.
At the start I remember, I really
fancy her, I remember going around
saying to the boys, I really like
her.
And you came up to me and I was
standing in the kitchen minding my
own business and you said,
"Can we be mates?"
You agreed, though!
I panicked.
I missed you. I was like a lovesick
puppy in there.
I wasn't eating properly.
That is when I realised, I
definitely love her.
When I was there that's when I
realised
I loved you and that's why I told
you when I came back.
When I first came in I never thought
I would have met someone like you.
I'm looking forward to the stuff to
be doing when we're back home.
Our future together.
Yes. You'll have to meet my mum and
she will be so excited.
I'll be scared to meet my mom, she's
hard.
No, honestl,. my family are going to
love meeting you.
I can't wait.
You want to meet my nan.
You will love my nan.
She will look at you and go, "Oh,
isn't he handsome?"
Do you think anyone can hear us from
up here?
Probably not.
(SHOUTS) I love you!
I can hear you.
I have got the dirtiest mouth.
Do it again.
No you go, go on.
(SHOUTS) I love you!
Back at the villa, the girls are
discussing
if love at first sight exists.
Ladies, it does, that's why they hide
me away in a booth, to give
those other losers a fighting chance.
Do you believe in love at first
sight?
Do you think that's a thing?
I do believe in it, I don't think I
have,
but I know that when you see
someone, you go, "Oh, my god,
hello!"
How can you fall in love with
someone at first sight?
I'm trying to think if I have.
I think it is that you look at this
person
and there is this bubble around them
and there is light shining out of
them, like there's a sun behind
their bum.
I think in the past I have been
confused,
thinking I'm in love when I am in
lust.
It is so hard.
If you have loads of feelings, you
just think you are in love.
Love can hurt as well.
Sometimes you realise you are in
love with someone
when they hurt you and you are like,
shit, this hurts so much.
But you have to, this is what life
is about.
You know what, I think that's why
I am scared to tell Josh.
It just scares me, that whole
concept.
I know that I love him.
You both love each other.
But you step away from it.
I'd wait for him to say it.
I just know that I love him and I
need to tell him.
I am waiting for the right moment,
a special moment.
Hopefully it will come soon.
I really, really enjoyed that. I had
a lovely time.
I can't believe we actually got to
go on a hot air balloon.
I know. That is probably the best
date I've been on, easily.
Really romantic.
I never would have thought of that
as a date either.
It's amazing. Up in the air with my
bird. I love it.
You love that I'm your bird.
You ARE my bird.
I have had such a sick time.
You are the best boyfriend I could
ask for.  Thank you.
I appreciate that.
I have never felt like this about
a girl before, to this extent.
It just makes me really happy.
Have I changed you? Am I that girl?
You are that girl that's changed me.
You are, you actually are.
It is nice to have that. I never
thought it would be like this.
I have got something I want to ask
you.
This would be amazing. The next
logical step for us.
I've been thinking about it.
When we leave here, will you move in
with me?
Of course I will.
I'm excited. I love you.  I love you.
Jack and Dani are back from their
date
and the camera guy's off looking for
Andy the intern.
Andy let go of the rope over Magaluf
and was last seen doing shots
in Club BCM.
Hello!
I have never seen a sunrise. It was
so overwhelming. I was taken aback
for words. It's unlike me. It was so
romantic. It was literally the
perfect date.  It was in the early
hours of the morning. I will tell
you. It was unreal, mate.  What time
was it?  It was five in the
morning. We saw the sun coming up.
It was beautiful. It was
overwhelming. I didn't realise you
could have such a good chat on a
balloon. I think people could sort
their problems out on a balloon
because you cannot get off.  I've
never seen anything like it.  Were
you scared?  I was all right. It was
nice thinking about future stuff,
not just what's happening right now.
You know what we're like here.
I was just thinking about what the
next step would be for us and
logically it is about time I flew
the nest.  Your mama is probably
saying thank God for that.  So I
asked her to move in with me when we
leave. It would be weird to live
with each other, with my girlfriend
24-7. And then go home and be
separate, it would feel like we're
going backwards.  It is nice to talk
about everything we have dealt with
in here, from start to finish and
then at the end he said will you
move in with me? And I said of
course I will.  You would have
withdrawal if
you didn't.  Yes, it would be
withdrawal. For a boy to look at me
and look at a future with me means
so much to me. I've always wanted
that. And the fact that I got that
here on Love at Island is like wow.
It's time for Alex and Alexandra's
day out.
And the dates team have promised that
this time the clues are so
cryptic, that the Enigma machine
would struggle to crack them.
Got a text!
It has got to be a car one.
That is going to be amazing.  I'm so
excited, please be a car one!
Please be like a racing car!
Hopefully it is a super car and Alex
is driving. It will be the
confidence coming out on him because
it will be an alter ego for him. I'm
absolutely buzzing. I cannot wait.
This is going to be a sexy day and I
have dressed the part. So bring it
on.  I was not good at the pram. I
think I will be good at this.
Coming up,
Alex has a need for speed.
Being outside we can open up with
each other.  I was just concerned
that it was a racing car.
So Alex's date clues were "speedy
gonzalex" and "fastlove".
He thinks it's a car.
Idiot, it'll be a trip to a vineyard,
or...
Oh, for God's sake!
You must be so excited.  You are
matching the car. Shall I fire it
up?
Let's do it. I can't believe this.
I love a guy who is absolutely
passionate about something.  I love
cars.  It is incredibly attractive.
I'm much more comfortable doing
this, this is me.
I guess with you coming along,
it is such a good time.
You came at the perfect time!
What is the craziest is the fact we
have met here and our work is so
different. I don't think we would
have met on the outside.  It is going
to be weird going back to real life,
going back to work, back to
accident
and emergency.  I'm looking forward
to seeing your friends and family
and seeing our lives merge together.
Wait till you meet my mum.
When you get out, what is the next
step?  Next I will have to step it
up. I will have to think of
inventive dates to keep you
impressed.  I feel like we
need to go outside and have fun and
be ourselves. Sometimes in here I
feel hesitant because I know that
you are cautious. I'm quite an
affectionate person. Are you going
to be able to give a little bit
more?
I hope so.  You hope so?  I don't like
pressure. I don't want to rush at
all.  I hope that being outside we
can open up to each other a lot more
than we have here.  It is not always
easy. I think other couples are
trying to rush. I think we are
moving along what is comfortable for
us.  The car or the girl?
I think both. I will never forget
this,
that's for sure. No distractions
when driving.  Sorry.
That date really is a certain
someone's perfect day out.
Alexandra's always said her dream is
to sit next to some posh bloke
driving a sports car round Mallorca.
Time will tell but they are very
different. Alexandra does seem to
think he is hilarious. When I go
back to when she first came in, how
excited he was then and how
affectionate he was straightaway was
so lovely for us all to see. I don't
know if it is still like that or has
it just died down a bit or are we
just used to seeing him and her
together now?
Hello!
It was epic.  We had such an amazing
time.  My passion for cars is
huge. Having a date around that, I
would have that rather than anything
else.
It was a red Ferrari. Shut up!
I was like, yes. I love cars.  It was
so much fun. We got there and it was
a Ferrari.  Red?
I was matching the car. It was the
most amazing date.
I was thinking this is really sexy.
He was in his element and we have
had such a nice day. You see
glimpses of how it might be on the
outside. It was refreshing for the
both of us.  She fancied you so much.
We were going round the corners and
the exhaust and the wind in your
hair.
I think Alex went on a date with a
Ferrari. I don't think he has
mentioned her at all. He was more
concerned about that than the
conversation. I would say he should
have paid more attention to
Alexandra on his final date.
It's time for Laura's date.
What's the cryptic clue this time,
dates team?
Hashtag, you are going to the cinema,
hashtag, you'll be travelling there
in a taxi?
I got a text.
Britney, fuck off, it's not about
you anymore!  That is so funny.
Britney will be a waitress for you
at the table!
I am so excited to go on my first
date with Paul. I have no idea what
it's going to be. It could be
anything. But I really hope that
Britney is not there, cos that would
be weird.
I think you should dress, clean,
white, that would be fresh.
I am so excited to see if he is a
charmer.  I think Laura deserves
something really special.  It looks
old granny-ish.
Your granny would not wear that.
I am so excited. I don't know what
to expect, do you?
What are we going to be doing, just
snogging?
This is the most beautiful setting
for a first date.
It is so lovely, honestly. I have
waited a while for this.  Yes, you
have.
I've been waiting for you, though,
lucky boy.
I know you have been on a few dates
but is it third time lucky for you?
Of course it is. I did the right
thing for myself. I am so picky with
who I date, especially now, when you
know what you want, the older you
get. I want to be out of my comfort
zone and try something new.
I just thought my time was up and
I did not expect to have another
chance.
You are my type, looks-wise and
everything about you is what I would
usually go for. I have never been
with someone who is so stable and
reliable and I know that sounds
boring and you're not boring, but
that is what I want.  There is
something between you and when we
are sitting and talking, it just
comes natural. It is nice for me as
well.
It is important for you to know that
I am really happy. It has been
nothing but positive. There's little
things you do that I am learning
about and I do love it. I love the
little laugh you do.
I know it's because you are thinking
something completely different. It
is nice that I've got to this point
that I'm seeing these little traits
in you, and thank God I like them.
That does not really look real, does
it? I don't think I have ever seen a
cloud like that in my life.  This is
the most romantic date I've ever
been on.
I had no idea if we were going to be
compatible. We have not had to sit
down and talk about this which would
indicate that we are compatible.  We
are getting on.  Getting to know you
more and more I realise we are
compatible. We get each other's
jokes and understand each other. I
did not know what I was walking
into, meeting you, I do want to find
more about you and it would be nice
to meet your family.  100%. I could
get to know you if I met your
friends and family. I have never
really
dated lots of people, so for me if I
am seeing someone, it is seeing
someone exclusively. I am not
texting other boys or going on other
dates.  I get that. We have got to
that stage where we have been dating
and sleeping in the same bed every
night. We are exclusive. We will
continue this and it is only going
to be positive from here. Without
putting too much pressure on each
other. I want to. It'd be nice to
know
you want to.  Yes, of course I do. Of
course I do, do you think I would
run away from you?
I am so happy you're here. I could
not ask for a better person to be my
last date. I am looking forward to
getting to know you more.
Coming up.
Alex has news for Alexandra.
I'm just not at that level.
Alex looked like he was having
a blast
with Alexandra in that Ferrari
California Turbo.
But now he's having second thoughts,
I knew we should've hired the
Lamborghini Aventador.
Are you all right?  Not really.
What's the matter?
It's been an amazing day.
You've had a date with a Ferrari!
The Ferrari was amazing. It has been
really tough over the
last couple of weeks. I have waited
the whole time for someone to come
in. With Alexandra I thought we had
a good connection, that is why I
wanted to try again but we don't
seem to, it does not seem to feel
right. I don't have the right
feelings. She wants to move at quite
a quick pace. She wants lots of
affection and wants things to move
quickly. I just cannot match that.
Alexandra and I have had a journey
together and have had a second try.
We do have stuff in common and she's
a great girl, but there is something
missing.  I feel that things are not
quite right with us.  What will you
do?  I cannot fake feelings and it
would be unfair on her to do that.
Are you happy with things?
I'm really happy with him but I want
more affection. I hope that will
come when we get out. I think things
will improve and he will feel more
comfortable in his surroundings and
he will feel himself. Things are
going as good as they can. That is
all I can hope for.
I thought you were warming up to
her.  I just don't have the feelings
I feel I should have.
I feel like... You've given it
a second chance, but if you
give it a little bit more of a
second chance. Is this 100% the
right decision? Is it the right time
after a date to do it?
So it looks like the wheels have come
off Alex and Alexandra's
relationship.
You know, cos, he likes cars and...
It's not the right time, is it?
I'm tired.  I'm really exhausted.
I am in such a needy mood, when you
just wish you could have a cuddle.
I cannot cuddle Alex.
What would Paul's reaction be
if Britney turned up?
Laura and Paul are back.
I'm still trying to work out what
"Kiss me baby one more time" and
"Better late than never" had to do
with necking cava on the edge of a
cliff.
Finally, some proper cryptic clues,
dates team!
Guys and girls.
It was stunning. It felt romantic.
It felt right him being
there with me. It is like a marriage
location. Ha ha ha!
The food was ridiculous and the
drinks were amazing. We could have
stayed there all night. We watched
the sunset which was behind me and
I looked at him in the mountains and
he kept going to look at that. I
didn't
know where to look, and I was
looking at him. And I thought he
looked so handsome.
We're not boyfriend and girlfriend,
but we were saying that we are going
to
be exclusive and after the villa, we
will continue.  My friends and family
will adore him, and I know that's
important. It's easy and that's how
it's supposed to be. It's supposed
to be like I just trust him so much.
You are so well-suited. You look
like Barbie and Ken when you left,
the perfect couple.  He is beautiful.
It was nice.
Alex's relationship with Alexandra
has turned
into a total car crash...
Ha ha! Still too soon?
It's hard to tell.
Anyway, now he's talking things
through with Dani.
She asked me a lot about the outside
and meeting family and
stuff. Scary, isn't it?  Do you want
that? You don't want it?  You know
what I'm like.  I know what you're
like.  She wants me to be more
affectionate.  I am such a passionate
person. I know he has compromised so
much from how he was in the
beginning to how he is now. I just
don't want to ask any more of him. I
cannot help how I feel. I like a bit
of attentiveness. Make me feel
wanted. You want someone to give
you
a cuddle. We have had nights when we
have kissed and cuddled and some
nights where we don't even say good
night.  Have you told him that?
I shouldn't have to.  I have been on
my own and all of a sudden I'm
expected to
be like that.  I don't want to scare
him away. When I said last time, he
felt pressure. We had such a great
day today and it does get better and
better.  What the fuck do I say?
I know more about their relationship
than they do! It's not my place to
say anything. They need to just
speak and it would be a lot better.
Jack's right.
There's only one person Alex needs
to talk to to sort out his
relationship with Alexandra.
Jack. Again.
What did Alex say to you?  She said
she feels that she wants you to go
up and give her a cuddle. She wants
to feel wanted a bit.  At the end of
the day what it comes down to is
what do I feel? Do I feel it is
right?  If you genuinely feel that
way, you do need to tell her. You
want to get it
over with and you will feel better
in yourself. I don't want you to
feel bad. You are doing the right
thing in the grand scheme of things.
There's no point pretending. Or
promising things that is just wrong.
Sometimes you've just got to take it
on the chin and do it.  I think
you should go before it builds up.
Love you, mate.
Alex.
How are you feeling at the moment?  I
feel you are quite distant with me.
I know we are in a villa with people
who have got more intense
relationships. I'm going from
different places in my head. One
moment
things are great and then I'm not
sure.  When things started it was
great. We had a rough patch. Now we
have had, we have really given it a
good go. I feel like your level of
what you want for affection is
different from mine. The issues that
were there in the first place and
how much affection, for me it has
been like two weeks and I just feel
I am not at that level.  Would he
rather have a girl that doesn't show
emotion? He has a girl who
absolutely adores him. He chose to
re-couple. She was done with it. And
then they've re-coupled and she's
forgiven him again
and they started things up again.
When she came in, he was
all over her.  It is really confusing
to me that you let me believe that
there's still a chance.  When things
did not go right at first, we
recoupled.
I did that because I wanted to give
it a proper try.  I don't
think you did.  I could only see what
I felt. Over the last couple of days
I have just felt we are just
different. It is the right thing to
do to speak to you tonight and have
this conversation because
it would be
completely unfair.  I think you're
trying to come across as a super
nice guy, trying to prove...
I've tried to be honest with you.
You have not been honest with me.
When I said we recoupled, I said
I don't know what the
future holds. Please listen to me.
I said I want to try and see what
happens. At the end of the day, we
were not sure.  You have not tried.
I've tried. You don't make any
effort.  That's not true.  You have
not.
It is kicking off.  You are distant
at every opportunity you can.
I cannot help how I feel. I'm sorry.
All of the things in the lie
detector test came back as
undetermined or a lie. When asked if
you thought we were compatible, you
said yes and it was a lie. You led
me along
a path when I think you have been
lying all the time.  I have not lied.
I have been honest about my
feelings.  There was a doubt in your
mind. You know if you like somebody
or not. I think you are pathetic.
I think you're absolutely pathetic.
You have wasted my time and you have
wasted your own. Shame on you.
subtitles by Deluxe
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org